well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so we're gonna talk about the
judge overruling Trump's Asylum ban and
it's really important there are a couple
of components to this the first is you
know most people watching these videos
you guys already knew this but a large
portion of the country found out today
that it is completely lawful to cross
the border without permission and claim
asylum they don't know that they thought
otherwise because their news outlets
that they choose to watch called them
illegals and called it an invasion and
the President of the United States
intentionally misled the public they
believed that this was illegal it's not
it's not crossing the border while
seeking asylum in the middle of the
desert and saying hey I'm claiming
asylum completely lawful completely
illegal completely moral more
importantly the purpose of asylum is to
give people the ability to do just that
so there is that there's a whole bunch
of people who should realize most won't
but should realize that the news
services that they use it intentionally
mislead them for the sake of partisan
politics now there's a much more
important and much more significant term
in this whole situation
see this law it was sent through the
House of Representatives and the Senate
and inside by President into law it went
through the system has laid out by the
United States Constitution
Trump attempted to change that law by by
dictating a change in law there's a word
for people who do that it's called
dictator that is what he attempted to do
make no mistake about it this was an
attempt to dictate law issuing a
proclamation
that directly challenged a standing off
and basically said well it's not it's
not valid anymore in direct defiance of
the United States Constitution and how
this government is supposed to work this
was an attempt to dictate law was an
attempt to be a dictator it's not
hyperbole to what he did this isn't a
case of a president abusing the power of
the executive order you know this isn't
slightly expanding or narrowing the
scope of something or changing a policy
and in the end result as memos get
changed this was an attempt to say this
was legal and now it's not that's what
he did that is a dictatorship the
judicial branch did its job they stepped
in and they stopped it as they should
Congress has not done its job this man
is attempting to undermine the
Constitution of the United States to me
what he did is appalling and the funny
thing is his defenders that will
certainly show up in the comments
section will probably have photos of the
Constitution or an American Eagle or one
of those stupid red hats as their
profile picture if you weren't appalled
by this and want this man out of office
because of it you don't care about the
Constitution you don't the three
branches of government that is the basis
of the United States Constitution
everything else
doesn't really matter doesn't really
matter that's the basis and he attempted
to undermined it attempted to circumvent
it was a direct challenge to
congressional authority was a direct
challenge to the Constitution of the
United States and people who fashioned
themselves Patriots are mad at the judge
who stopped him from betraying the
Constitution that's how far this country
has gone
that's how red and blue elephants and
donkeys that's how far it's gone if it's
your party they can set fire to the
Constitution and you'll roast a
marshmallow over it and say well this is
the way it's meant to be no it's not
it's treason anyway you guys have a good
day enjoy your holiday it's just a
thought